Understanding the execution context

Execution context type

(1) globale execution context

 Anything that is not inside a function is a global execution context. It first creates a global windwo object and sets the value of 'this' to be this global object. There is only global execution context in a program.

(2) function execution context

When a function is called, a new execution context is created for that function. There can be any number of function execution contexts.

(3)** eval ** function execution context

The code executed in the eval function has own execution context. However, the eval function is not commonly used and will not be discussed further.

2、Execute the context stack

* the JavaScript engine uses the execution context stack to manage the execution context.
  When JavaScript executes code, it first encounters the execution stack, Whenever a function call is encountered, a new execution context is created for that function and pushed onto the top of the stack. The  engine then executes the function at the top of the execution context stack. After the function has finished executing, the exection context is popped off the stack, and the engine continues to execute the next context. One all the code has been executed, the global execution context is popped off the stack.

  ```js
  let a = 'Hello World';
  function first() {
    console.log('Inside first function');
    second();
    console.log('Inside second function')
  }
  function second () {
     console.log('Inside second function')
  }
  first()
  // 执行顺序
  ```

3、Create an execution context

there are two phases to create an execution context: create phase and execution phase

1)creation phase

(1). this binding

* In the context of global execution, this points to the global object (window object)
* In the context of function execution, the value of this depends on how the fucntion is called. If it is called by a reference object, this is set to that object; otherwise, this is to the gloable or undefined.

(2) create lexical environment components

* A lixical environment is a data structure that maps identifiers to variables. Identifiers refer to varibale or function names, and variables are references to actual objects or primitive data.
* Envrionment recorder: used to store the actual location of variable function declarations references to external environments: allow access to the parent scope

(3) Create a vriable environment is also a lexical envrionment. Its Envrionment Record holds the bingdings created by varibale declarations within the execution context.

2)execution phase

At short, the execution context refers:

Before executing JS code, it needs to be parsed first, During parsing, a globale execution context is created. Variables and fucntion declarations that will be executed in the code are extracted first: variables are initially assigned as undefined, and functions are declared and made available. After this step is complated, the formal execution of the program begins.

Before a function is executed, function execution context is also created, which is similar to the global execution context, However, the fucntion execution context inclues additional elements like this, arguments, and the fucntion's parametes.

* global Context: variable definition, function declaration
* function context: variable definition, function declaration, this, arguments
