What are the usess of 'requetAnimationFrame' and 'requesstIdleCallback', respectively??

'RequestAnimationFrame' and 'requestIdleCallback' are both APIs used for performing animations or other hight-performance tasks in the borwser.

'RequestAnimationFrame' is a mechanism provided by borwsers to request an animation frame. It executes a specified callback function right before the browser's next redraw. The advantage of this approach i that it allows the browser to automatically perform complex calculation and rendering taks during the next draw, thus preventing the browser from repeating the same tasks within a short period. Using requestAnimationFrame can lead to smoother animations and reduce flickering and stuttering on web pages.

```js
function animation() {
   // 在这里编写动画逻辑requestAnimationFrame(animate)
}
requestAnimatiionFrame(animate)
```

RequestIdleCallback is a relatively new API that performs a specified callback function when the browser is idle. The purpose of this API is to enable developer to perform time-consuming tasks such as compution and rendering when the browser is idle. The adevantage of this is that it can improve the performance and responsiveness of the web page ,while also avoiding blocking the main thread of the browsser, resulting in a poor user experience.

```js
function doWork(deadline) {
  while(deadline.timeRemaining() > 0) {
     // 在这里编写任务逻辑
  }
  if (还有任务需要执行) {
    requestIdleCallback(doWork)
  }
}
requestIdleCallback(doWork)
```

Note that he callback function of requestIdleCallback accepts an IdleDeatline parameter, which contains information about the current idle time. Developers can use this parameter to schedule and optimize taskss according to the idle time of the browser.

In summary, requestAnimationFrame is suitable fro animation tasks that need to be executed before the next drawing, while requestIdleCallback is suitable for time-consuming tasks that need to be executed wwhen the broser is idle
