The difference between 'for in' and 'for of'.

Both for...in and for...of are loop statements in JavaScript, but they differ slightly in function and usage.

The for...in loop is used to iterate over the enumerable properties of an object, interating through each property name (or key name) of the object as an interative variable. Here is the basic syntax for for...in 

```js
for(variable in object) {
   // 在此处编写循环体语句
}
```

In this code, variable repersents the name (or key name) of the current property in each iteration, while object refers to the object being traversed. For example:

```js
const obj = {a:1, b:2, c: 3};
for (const key in obj) {
   console.log(key, obj[key])
}
```

Output of the result:

```js
a 1 b 2 c 3
```

In should be noted that the for...in loop iterates over the enumerable properties of an object, including both its owwn properties and inherited properties. Herefore, it is not suitable for interating over arrays and array-like objects.

The for...of loop is used to iterate over the elements of an iterable object, treating each element of the object as an iteration variable. Here is the basic syntax for for...of:

```js
for (varibale of iterable) {
    // 再次编写循环体与语句2
}
```

In this code, variable reperesents the value of the current element in each iteration, and iterable refers to the iterable object to be traversed, and iterable refers to the iterable object to be traversed, such as array, strings, Sets, Maps, etc. For example:

```js
const arr = [1, 2, 3]
```

Output of the result：

```js
1
2
3
```

It should be noted that the for...of loop can obly iterate over objects that implement the Iterator interface, therefore it is not suitable for regular objects. Additionally, it iterates over the element values of the object, rather than key names or property names.

To summarize, for...in is suitable for traversing an object's property names, whereas for...of is suitable for iterating over the element values of iterable objects, such as arrays and strings.
