What are the differences in asynchronous loading of JS scripts?

In Web applications, the asynchronous loading of JavaScript scripts can be achieved in the following ways:
     a.  Dynamically create a `<script>` tag and set its src attribute to the URL of the script to be loaded. You can use the onload or onradystatechange event to check if the script has finished loading.

```js
const script = document.createElement('script);
script.src = 'path/to/script.js';
script.onload = function() {
  // 脚本加载完成后执行的回调函数
};
document.body.apppendChild(script)
```

    b. Use the XMLHttpRequest object or the Fetch API  to send an asynchronous request. After a successful request, pare the response text into JavaScript code, and the use the eval() function or Function() construtor to execute the script.

```js
const xhr = new XMLHttpRequest();
xhr.open('GET', 'path/to/script.js');
xhr.onload = function() {
   const script = document.createElement('script')
   script.textContent = xhr.responseText;
   document.head.appendChild(script)
};
xhr.send()
```

There two methods can be used to implement the asynchronous loading of JavaScript scripts. Compared to synchronous loading, asynchronous loading has the following differences:

    a.  Asynchronous loading can improve the loading speed and responses performance of the page, and avoid the situation that the page is stuck due to JavaScript blocking.

    b.  Asynchronous loading avoids the blocking casued by loading scripts and allows other resources of the page to load an render faster.

    c. Asynchronous loading allows you to flexibly control the loading sequence and the execution time of scripts, and dynamically load and unload scripts based on page requirements, thus inproving page maintainability and expansibility.
